feat(GSX): Automatically start Refuel Process & allow Instant Refuel with GSX Fuel Sync enabled (#8407)
flybywiresim/aircraft: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [FLIGHTMODEL/ICE PROT] - Interim fix for A/I system bug and quicker windscreen clearing of ice - @donstim (donbikes)
1. [ND] Worked around a font rendering bug with the ND chrono - @tracernz (Mike)
1. [TELEX] Decrease API poll rate to random number between 45-70 seconds - @auroraisluna (alepouna)
1. [AUTOFLIGHT] Fixed managed speed not engaging when V2 is confirmed after a departure runway change - @tracernz (Mike)
1. [GSX/EFB] FBW Chocks & Cones are usable with GSX Fuel/Payload Sync and react to GSX Pushback - @Fragtality (Fragtality)
1. [GSX] Fixed GSX pin not actually disabling NWS - @Maximilian-Reuter (\_Chaoz_)

> 1. [GSX/FUEL] Refuel process starts automatically when GSX Fuel-Hose is connected - @Fragtality (Fragtality)
> 1. [EFB] EFB still allows instant Refuel with GSX Fuel Sync active and reflects GSX Refuel being active - @Fragtality (Fragtality)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [GSX/FUEL] Refuel process now starts automatically when GSX fuel hose is connected - @Fragtality (Fragtality)
1. [EFB] Instant refuel now allowed with GSX Fuel Sync active and reflects GSX refuel being active - @Fragtality (Fragtality)
```

Author: Ah yes, now it makes Sense for me too 😅 👍
